The pseudonym
Lewis Carroll is a pen name. His real name is Charles Lutwidge Dodgson. This pseudonym was a play on his real name; Lewis was the anglicised form of Ludovicus, which was the Latin for Lutwidge, and Carroll an Irish surname similar to the Latin name Carolus, from which comes the name Charles.

Not only Alice¡¯s books
Lewis Carroll was an English writer, mathematician, logician, Anglican deacon and photographer. Within the academic discipline of mathematics, Dodgson worked primarily in the fields of geometry, linear and matrix algebra, mathematical logic and recreational mathematics, producing nearly a dozen books under his real name. Also Dodgson wrote some studies of various philosophical arguments.

The Answer to the Ultimate Question of Life, the Universe, and Everything
Lewis Carroll oftenly used 42 his writings.

¡°Alice's Adventures in Wonderland¡± has 42 illustrations.
Rule 42 of the Code "No one shall speak to the Man at the Helm".
¡°The Hunting of the Snark¡±
¡®¡­ and out from his book ¡°Rule Forty-two. All persons more than a mile high to leave the court"¡¯.
¡°Alice's Adventures in Wonderland¡±
¡°He had forty-two boxes, all carefully packed, With his name painted clearly on each.¡±
¡°The Hunting of the Snark¡±
¡°Four thousand two hundred and seven, that¡¯s exact number¡±
¡°Through the Looking-Glass¡±
The White Queen announces her age as "one hundred and one, five months and a day", which - if the best possible date is assumed for the action of ¡°Through the Looking-Glass¡± - gives a total of 37,044 days. With the further (textually unconfirmed) assumption that both Queens were born on the same day their combined age becomes 74,088 days, which is 42 x 42 x 42.

White Rabbit
When the men on the chessboard
Get up and tell you where to go
And you've just had some kind of mushroom
And your mind is moving low
Go ask Alice
I think she'll know

When logic and proportion
Have fallen sloppy dead
And the White Knight is talking backwards
And the Red Queen's "off with her head!"
Remember what the dormouse said;
Feed your head

¡°"White Rabbit" Jefferson Airplane
One pill makes you larger
And one pill makes you small
And the ones that mother gives you
Don't do anything at all
Go ask Alice
When she's ten feet tall

And if you go chasing rabbits
And you know you're going to fall
Tell 'em a hookah smoking caterpillar
Has given you the call to
Call Alice
When she was just small



The Wonderland Postage-Stamp Case
To promote letter writing, Dodgson invented ¡°The Wonderland Postage-Stamp Case¡± in 1889. This was a cloth-backed folder with twelve slots, two marked for inserting the then most commonly used penny stamp, and one each for the other current denominations to one shilling. The folder was then put into a slip case decorated with a picture of Alice on the front and the Cheshire Cat on the back. All could be conveniently carried in a pocket or purse. When issued it also included a copy of Carroll's pamphletted lecture, ¡°Eight or Nine Wise Words About Letter-Writing¡±.